All right.
So let's go ahead and create this parallax image component there, because this music for a while.
So this is basically we're going to just write some pieces to set the images as background images.
All right.
So let's read that in two components.
We have the pieces.
Let's put that here.
Let's call it parallax.
Image dances says, okay, so let's create our function, contrast, parallax and misconstrue.
Or we can just use parentheses.
Actually, you.
We.
We sued.
Technically we can we can use parentheses.
It's just going to be a single DB.
It's all going to apply.
The background name is here and then we let's not forget to export default parallax image.
So here we will be the receiving the props.
Since we want to make it reusable.
So when we want to receive the URL of the image.
So by default, if we don't get any the URL, we can use some images by default.
We can display some images.
So let's get some from our public dude.
So probably less images.
What do we have here?
We downloaded frames.
Let's choose images.
Do images less images do don't typically use it by default it will be used.
But if we pass any Google as props that will be used and children.
So any content you want to render, we pass that as children.
So all the post lists we will pass to the children that we will import this component and wrap our content
with this one.
So that's children and it's our blessed parents so that we have a bit of a bearing on top and bottom
bearing top, let's say 100 picks and then batting from bottom.
Let's say 75 beats.
Padding, top padding, bottom children.
There's some syntax error here.
You are l.
Children bearing top so that that's inbred that as C.S. Lewis said, this is the default value I give
the default value.
So this is also something you can process first.
But if you don't, then this is the default value that will be used.
Let me add some gap here, because I think it looks a bit too congested.
It's hard to read.
Command, comma.
Lie and hide.
I'm just going to.
I use FIFO quite a lot.
I get that's nice and easy to see.
So here we want to.
Return the this deep.
And here we going to apply the background image as thesis.
Thank you, sir.
Staff.
We read the style and then here we going to render the children
children props.
Okay, so here.
So let's upload background image's background images, use back to a mural.
And then inside here we going to use the actual hearing that we are receiving here as a props or the
default one.
Okay.
So that's how we apply background images.
I'm not sure it might not work, but we will see.
Background Buddhism.
We can use.
Center, top center of bottom center.
We can choose those options, I think.
Center, center, let's leave it.
So what this means is you can see this is the image.
So this is the top.
This is the center.
This is the bottom.
So when you set it as a background image, sometimes you may see the top quite a lot and not so much
the bottom.
So in that case, you can choose whether you want to focus on the top center or bottom, right?
So that's the that's that background position.
Background
attachment.
It's a background attachment we use fixed.
So that will give us that nice parallax effect.
But in thought, whatever we getting, that's our use, the default value that's on top, batting bottom.
Also we use that value.
Background.
Repeat.
Back background.
Repeat we use?
No.
Repeat.
We will not repeat the background.
And then.
Background.
Background size.
Use code.
By the way, if you make any typos or if you don't feel like typing all this, you're gonna lose copies
from the source code.
I'll make it available.
Background, size, background and finally display display.
BLOCK.
Okay.
So this is a parallax image.
Let's try to use it.
So let's import an index.
Components.
Basis.
Alex Simmons.
And then we use that.
Let's go all the way down here.
Let's remove that and use that component parallax in music so we don't have to pass any here.
If we don't, the default will be used.
All right.
Now, you can see here we have got the images.
Parallax seems nice.
Beautiful.
Again.
Now let's pass this content as props so it will be received as children props and then we will be able
to.
So at the moment you can see hundred pixels bearing on top and 75 on the bottom or the 175.
That's all we see.
But once you pass this content, it will look better.
So parallax in Ms..
This is how we can pass the children.
So the heading and the dif altogether.
Court and pushing.
All right.
Now, you can see here we have got the parallax images with the ladies post.
They're clickable.
Beautiful.
Let's make sure this one is centered.
And maybe we can.
I bless him standing there.
Sir Keir Starmer.
Let's center the text specs in center and font size.
I want to use.
I'm quite big.
I want to make it maybe 75 pixel.
I can get some text said.
A
text said.
We can apply pixel on top and bottom to pixel horizontally and vertically.
It's in the saddle and the color black and then the text color.
We can make it white.
All right.
Beautiful.
So that is looking good so far.
So the next thing we want to do is know.
So we got that.
So if you want something like this, that is also something we can do and then we can display the categories.